who man is a sandbox action game where
main focus is on drivin developed by
Midway Studios Newcastle and published
by Ubisoft Wolman stars Vin Diesel as
Malo an undercover agent looking on
taking down three known gangs in the
streets of Barcelona it was released on
the 24th of March 2009 on the Xbox 360
Playstation 3 and PC the game received
mixed reactions from critics some saying
it was bad and others saying was good
here's my top 5 reasons why I enjoy
doing the graphics true is not amazing
graphics but they aren't that bad
there's something different gunmen
hailed the color palette a mix of some
bright saturate colors and clean white
streets but most the time you won't
notice when you're speeding boyfriends
it's not as photorealistic as say Grand
Theft Auto 4 and it doesn't have the
cell shading thing going on but it's
impressive and it won't take you long
until you start more in it Marlowe who
is Vin Diesel of course has been modeled
excellently and most of the characters
have been rendered and animated really
well especially in cutscenes then a
negative downside I can say about the
graphics is when you view objects really
close of any gun you notice some jagged
edges and some blur textures and certain
things but for the most part I was
really impressive
for handling handling in real man is
great you never feel as if the car is
controlling you the way the car easily
dress your streets and they're missing
other cars really get Citroen and then
pumping yes there are on fit sections
but they aren't as fleshed out over
vehicle movement but you're very rarely
ever on foot which is a good gun combat
can feel stiff at times on foot but it
works really well in driving sections
while striving you can shoot out tires
automatically when a small trigger icon
displays next year the cars despite all
this it seems the enemy cars are not
affected by their times B inverse and
it's probably only added in as a sport
the speed woman does a good job of
conveying speed and they should one last
fast as some games will mentor little
boy objects in traffic and blur house in
the corner to the screen and a sense of
speed conveyed as your motor hits its
peak is accelerating the beeping of
horns and cars skidding lawyers in the
new via vehicle pass tight gaps really
get you pumped and ready begins with
fast chasing bullets and crushes are
flying everywhere then you start to crew
see the sheer chaos that is will man the
challenges blue man has a ton of side
missions
many of them are fairly straightforward
taxi rank missions which is sin in many
sandbox camp before it the thoughtful
ones like fugitive which is escaping the
cops getting from point A to point B
about ruling their vehicle or the
controllers flooring hot potato mission
which sees you getting from said
destination in a lot of time before your
car explodes other missions include you
hijack an enemy cars and delivering them
to other destinations within Tom minutes
challengers side across the game are
merely put there for the sake of it and
are only there if you are tired of the
main campaign mission or you want to get
those nabbing achievements the most
enjoyable side mission has to be rounded
edge mode which tasks you and destroying
as much property as possible by chaining
combos together
what's more women has hidden stunt jumps
located all over the game and a hundred
cat statues while they're actually lion
statues but the game cause of cat
statues destroying them will gives a
player achievement
their special moves in real man you can
pull off special moves to help escape
from the police and thugs as you drive
fast destroy objects drove an oncoming
lane and perform near misses a
bottom-left icon will Phil can activate
any of the moves at any time as long as
you have enough juice filled bear in
mind every time you see you special move
juice is used such powers include
boosting extremely fast until all the
juice is used up slowing down time and
shooting targets on the vehicle to make
it explode while spinning the car in
reverse and firing from behind
these effects can be really amazing a
toy to watch and it never gets to the
point of boredom because every time you
blow out one you have to see how the
game's physics deal with the carnage in
the aftermath you also get access to
Manos RAM memory which is a fast shunt
in a direction left right and forward
this is used to eliminate your position
and when the vehicle is low on health
the camera will show slow-motion crash
of that vehicle as it bounces around
this may look absolutely stupid which it
does but it also shows off just how fun
the game is at night and the last move
is called air jacket this mechanic was
first introduced in this game before our
friend away Shen from Sleeping Dogs
adopted the move in his games
you